okay life of luxury the live feature 120
a steak Oh nearly a red sugar I've not
seen in about 300 spins I need to save
out it's cost a good 250 to see it again
but that's the standard on the light of
luxury ups and downs ups and downs oh my
god that's beautiful that is beautiful
maybe that's why it was worth the wait
I've had lots of rubies though before
the M 202 spins without at life at Lux
six for that oh my god I've never in my
life seen a ruby and emerald drop in at
the same time ever it would be amazing
to see the emerald it's mine it's my
dream for my famous viewers Anthony hey
here we go oh my god yes holy
that's incredible
oh my god I'm excited to upload this
already oh my god that is just
sensational I can't believe it I
actually can't believe that come on give
me another Ruby just to make this look
beautiful
and you've heard me three jewels in a
row at fifty-fifty chance now this is
what I call a bonus oh I got a double on
the plums 12 pound for that as well
Wow with 10 spins two remaining what's
it got left to do who knows I cannot
believe I just won a hundred and
sixty-one on the emeralds truly I can't
my god I had a double emerald video
number of weeks back but I've never seen
a ruby and emerald Rock is just so nice
excellent
so it didn't give me the open good so
only gave me the big ones ha ha so
exciting sorry about the shaky camera
again
beautiful nearly nearly 300 times take
other film two emeralds in a row which
was unique but none of them was as high
as 161
what a beautiful bonus amazing
absolutely amazing
[Music]